---
layout: update
title:  "Faster Links + Search Bar"
date:   2021-02-01
categories: update
version: "Canvas+ Patch 0.1"
---
Today, Canvas+ has been updated to version 0.1 on the Chrome Webstore. This article is the official changelog for Canvas+ 0.1.

<br>

**Improved Popup**

The Canvas+ popup has been completely redesigned to grant more power to you! The popup had previously only shown you the extension version your browser was running, but now, as seen below, you'll have quick access to changelogs like these, be able to toggle Canvas+ features, and in a future update, you'll be able to change your Canvas display settings.

<br>

**Search Bar**

The goal of this extension has always been to improve your Canvas navigation. Canvas+ version 0.1 is delivering a new navigation tool: the search bar. This will allow you to quickly navigate to course content anywhere on Canvas. Please Note: To collect search results, this feature will affect the "History" button on Canvas. It will not affect your general browser history.

<br>

**Faster Links**

Depending on your school, internet, and other external factors this could be a monumental change for you: We've added a feature (toggleable in settings) called Speed Boost which will preload any links in Canvas for a faster loading time. As mentioned, a lot of factors will determine how useful this is for you. Our testing has seen 2x speed improvements under average conditions.

Please Note: To collect preload links, this feature will affect the "History" button on Canvas. It will not affect your general browser history.

<br>

**Smarter Scrolling**

Since the 0.0.1 release, more uses for scrolling buttons have been implemented. You'll now see "Scroll to Bottom" and "Back to Top" buttons in the following places:


- Assignments List
- Discussions
- Pages
